Good morning, my friends, tomorrow is going up to
fifth saw in the fifth reduced
here in the saw and 262
in the passage ask viana in the holy spirit
until Sunday martins in the region in this
and how it is loaded with fertilizer
looking for martins soares
there are mines and we will go
tomorrow would drop there in front and
apprehension cure but our idea is a
slip and push a boot here to see
feel and accompanied the colleague
the configuration of the double there she
walks that barely the bud she makes that is
determined neither in the fancy and what goes there
it's already okay
that's it, it 's not just who was here
Is reduced is good soccer
slowly slow great
there o
the jackal
and kicked into the valley
It's that time, if it's not a club
reduced sixth
now it's simple
the seventh reduced
I'm crossing march is here because they have
that being the shorter ones even going up
saw
I need to cross march until the seventh
playing or jumping male
only male use from seventh to eighth
715 reduced the seventh and eighth reduced
it was simple
help on the average but they would climb the mountain if I
I'll cross because a short one is good
is wasting time too much
okay direct return of the now
brother because the saw that is is not easy
it is not
Good morning to everyone and sent them back.